---
layout: fullscreen
navigation.title: Overview
---


# Magento 2 SDK

Quickly build your storefront with the Vue Storefront SDK for Magento. Connect your Magento 2 backend to any frontend framework with type-safe SDK methods

## Getting Started
::grid{:columns='3'}
#section-1
:card{to="/intro" title="What is Vue Storefront?" description="New here? Learn about all the different ways Vue Storefront can help you build with performant websites." icon="ri:book-2-fill"}

#section-2
:card{to="/integrations/sdk/magento/getting-started/magento" title="Local Development" description="Use our CLI to setup a local Magento instance in minutes." icon="ri:terminal-box-fill"}

#section-3
:card{to="/storefront-ui" title="GitHub" description="Our Magento 2 SDK is fully open source. Explore the full source code for yourself on GitHub." icon="mdi:github" :colored-icon="false" }
::

## Guides

::grid{:columns='3'}
#section-1
:card{to="/intro" title="What is Vue Storefront?" description="New here? Learn about all the different ways Vue Storefront can help you build with performant websites." icon="ri:book-2-fill"}

#section-2
:card{to="/integrations" title="Integrations" description="Connect to the third-party services you need to run your storefront, all through one consistent pattern." icon="ri:terminal-box-fill"}

#section-3
:card{to="/storefront-ui" title="Storefront UI" description="Implement your design system with our ready to customize UI elements - built with TailwindCSS and Vue/React." icon="IconStorefrontUi" }

#section-4
:card{to="/cloud" title="Cloud" description="Deploy with confidence with production-grade cloud hosting for your Vue Storefront applications" icon="ri:cloud-fill"}

#section-5
:card{to="/community" title="Community" description="Contribute to Vue Storefront, ask questions, and get support from the community." icon="ri:community-line"}

#section-6
:card{to="/community" title="Enterprise" description="Ready to take your storefront next to the next level? Reach out to sales to see how we can help you." icon="ri:store-3-fill"}

::

[Get Started](./getting-started/quick-start.html)
[See on Github](https://github.com/vuestorefront/magento2)



## Want to see other our SDK modules?

The Magento 2 module is just one of many SDK modules that allow you to integrate with the various services needed to run your application. Add payment providers, CMS integrations, search engines and more to your storefront with Vue Storefront SDKs.


This integration is developed and maintained by the Vue Storefront team.